remove {coreos,flatcar}/apache (#331)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/setup/systemd/getting-started.md

We can use `ExecStartPre` to scrub existing container state. The `docker kill` will force any previous copy of this container to stop, which is useful if we restarted the unit but Docker didn't stop the container for some reason. The `=-` is systemd syntax to ignore errors for this command. We need to do this because Docker will return a non-zero exit code if we try to stop a container that doesn't exist. We don't consider this an error (because we want the container stopped) so we tell systemd to ignore the possible failure.

> `docker rm` will remove the container and `docker pull` will pull down the latest version. You can optionally pull down a specific version as a Docker tag: `docker.io/nginx:1.2.3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker rm` will remove the container and `docker pull` will pull down the latest version. You can optionally pull down a specific version as a Docker tag: `docker.io/nginx:1.25`
```
I think a valid reference is better if someone wants to try this.
